docs: Upgrade agent (#2943)
FlowFuse/flowfuse: docs/device-agent/install.md

```bash
flowforge-device-agent --port=1881
```

## Upgrading the agent

> To use the latest features on FlowFuse aswell as on the edge device, it's advices to upgrade
> the device agent regularly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the latest features on FlowFuse as well as on the edge device, it is advised to upgrade
the device agent regularly. 
```
